NMS-13608: Fix several typos (#3695)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/deployment/pages/core/ubuntu/install-core.adoc

sudo apt -y install opennms
----

> .Installing R package for trending and forecasting (optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Install R packages for trending and forecasting (optional)
```

Author: Fixed.
